The Internet Box Review
  What exactly is in The Internet Box? Why is it a box and not a jar or a piece
  of Tupperware? Well while there is a meaning behind the name choice you might
  have to listen to the podcast to get a reason why. The podcast started back in
  2011 when a couple of friends decided to start recording their conversations
  and discussions. The audio quality during their first few casts is not the
  best but this podcast is more about the content than the audio quality,
  of course they upgrade their microphone quality after a few episodes.

  The podcast started off with six members with the seventh coming in later
  after a fan made intro included him in it. By the way did I mention they have
  intros to each episode made by fans? It's one of the few community focused
  features on their website, along with a forum for people to talk and a section
  for people to submit questions to ask the hosts.

  Community is a big part of the ethos of The Internet Box as the members are
  all part of the Rooster Teeth community and its how they all met.
  They usually have something nice to say about the community and sometimes on a
  rare occasion they point out something stupid the community or a member did
  and it makes for fun content to listen to.

  The podcast has an explicit tag on iTunes so if you are not a fan of excessive
  cursing and rather inappropriate jokes this might not be your cup of tea,
  but if you have a good sense of humour like myself and can laugh at anything
  then by all means give it a go.

  If you can't stand the audio quality of the first few episodes and would
  rather have better audio then skip forward to about episode 12/13.
  There are several guests throughout the podcast which include community member
  Jasmine, Mega64's Garrett Hunter and slowmo extraordinaire Gavin Free.

  All in all the podcast can be very entertaining but can also be a bit daunting
  with constant arguments and occasional audio and technical difficulties.
  I would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of Rooster Teeth and has a good
  funny bone, all the members are funny and bring something to the podcast,
  their group dynamic is great and it feels like you're listing to a bunch of
  friends have a discussion and doesn't sound like a couple of people who met
  online and awkwardly started a podcast not knowing each other.

  It might even inspire you to start your own podcast with your own friends.
